Add Mock Interview #1 Retrospective Assessment (#1)
Ada-Developers-Academy/cs-fun-mock-interviews: 01/mock-interview-1-submission.md

# Mock Interview #1 Retrospective

<!-- Question 1 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: short-answer
* id: 1f5bb96e-faa3-428f-b4fe-e1c374d8c960
* title: Replit Link
* topics: interview
* points: 1
##### !question

Please enter a link to the Replit you used to complete your interview.

##### !end-question
##### !answer

> /.*/

Reviewer: do we want to alter the regex to make sure they're submitting a replit link?

Author: Great question! I'm hesitant to add a regex for this check as I didn't want to limit folx to use replit for their interview. For example, if they were to complete a mock interview with their internship team, they could potentially use an IDE or some internal code editor. I suppose if people code outside replit they can just add their code to a replit and send in that link.

I’d love for this be as little lift as possible for folx so if they would like to submit a link to their code that isn’t a replit link, I’m okay with that as well.

Reviewer: Didn't we say that we ask folks use Ada provided questions for this? We could re-evaluate, but if that's the case, then all of their links should be replits

##### !end-answer
### !end-challenge

<!-- Question 2 -->
### !challenge
* type: short-answer
* id: 2ed2b435-15b6-46cf-b3c2-e9762eea53b9
* title: Mock Interview Partner
* topics: interview
##### !question

> Who did you partner with for your mock interview?

Reviewer: Don't want people writing 'emily'
```suggestion
What is the first and last name of the person you partnered with for your mock interview?
```

> What is the first and last name of the person you partnered with for your mock interview? If the individual was not another Adie intern and not part of the instructional staff, please list their association to you (e.g. partner, friend, mentor, intern manager).

Author: @kyra-at-ada do you think the addition of the person's association is worthwhile?

Reviewer: Mmmm, I'm thinking about this and while I do want there to be flexibility, I'm hesitant to let them do their interviews with anyone or any question to fulfill this requirement. I'm open to discussion, but as I understand it, part of the intent behind this is to get them practice with the topics we're covering as part of CS Fundamentals. If they're using outside questions, it's more work on our part to categorize them and they may be out of scope questions, which isn't necessarily a bad thing but doesn't give them practice on the topics we want them to get practice in or might be too difficult and discouraging to the interns (ex. i've have interns come to me upset because they were trying to solve problems on currency arbitrage, distributed systems, etc. before they had a good grasp on the basics of what we do cover). I also really do think it's valuable for them to be the interviewer wherever they can which I'm not sure is going to happen if they're doing it with intern managers or mentor.

My recommendation would be to say they need to do 5 interviews with the Ada questions and that we encourage them to do additional interviews with other folks.

Author: That's totally understandable. I have a slightly differing thought pattern so let's discuss our thoughts a bit more offline 👍🏾
